Server UID + placeholder %{SERVER_UID} (#434)
It4innovations/hyperqueue: CHANGELOG.md

detect available GPU resources from the `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` environment variable.

### Stream log
* Basic export of stream log into JSON (`hq log <log_file> export`)

### Server

> * Server now generates a random UID string each time ``server start`` is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Server now generates a random unique ID (UID) string every time a new server is started (`$hq server start`).
```
